docs: update prerender documentation (#22471)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/10.deployment.md

### Crawl-based Pre-rendering

> Use the [`nuxi generate` command](/docs/api/commands/generate) to build and pre-render your application using the [Nitro](/docs/guide/concepts/server-engine) crawler. This command is similar to `nuxt build` with the `nitro.prerender` option set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`nuxi generate` command](/docs/api/commands/generate) to build and pre-render your application using the [Nitro](/docs/guide/concepts/server-engine) crawler. This command is similar to `nuxt build` with the `nitro.static` option set to `true`, or running `nuxt build --prerender`.
```

Author: 🤔 There is no such option in the Nitro API https://nitro.unjs.io/config#static.

Will investigate in the Nitro documentation.

Author: Ok, I see, that's map to a preset.

https://github.com/unjs/nitro/blob/main/src/presets/static.ts

```bash
npx nuxi generate
```

That's it! You can now deploy the `.output/public` directory to any static hosting service or preview it locally with `npx serve .output/public`.

Working of the Nitro crawler:

> 1. Load the HTML of your application's root route (`/`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Load the HTML of your application's root route (`/`), any non-dynamic pages in your `~/pages` directory, and any other routes in the `nitro.prerender.routes` array.
```

> 2. Save the HTML to a file in the `.output/public` directory for being served statically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the HTML and `payload.json` to the `~/.output/public/` directory to be served statically.
```

3. Find all anchor tags (`<a href="...">`) in the HTML to navigate to other routes.
4. Repeat steps 1-3 for each anchor tag found until there are no more anchor tags to crawl.

This is important to understand since pages that are not linked to a discoverable page can't be pre-rendered automatically.

::alert{type=info}
Read more about the [`nuxi generate` command](/docs/api/commands/generate#nuxi-generate).
::

### Selective Pre-rendering

You can manually specify routes that [Nitro](/docs/guide/concepts/server-engine) will fetch and pre-render during the build or ignore routes that you don't want to pre-render like `/dynamic` in the `nuxt.config` file:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts|js]
defineNuxtConfig({
  nitro: {
    prerender: {
      routes: ['/user/1', '/user/2']
      ignore: ['/dynamic']
    }
  }
})
```

> You can combine this with the `crawLinks` option to pre-render a set of routes that the crawler can't discover like you're `/sitemap.xml` or `/robots.txt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can combine this with the `crawLinks` option to pre-render a set of routes that the crawler can't discover like your `/sitemap.xml` or `/robots.txt`:
```
